W-16684499 einstein doc action (#45)
mulesoft/docs-idp: modules/ROOT/pages/analyze-documents-with-einstein.adoc

= Analyze Generic Documents With Einstein

> By default, IDP uses Natural Language Processing (NLP) to extract document data. You can enable Einstein for your organization and use Einstein AI to analyze semi-structured or unstructured documents with complex data and extract values.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, IDP uses Natural Language Processing (NLP) to extract document data. You can enable and use Einstein to analyze unstructured and semi-structured documents that don't use a standard format or are difficult to read without performing a complex analysis of the extracted data. 
```

> By default, IDP uses Natural Language Processing (NLP) to extract data from documents. You can enable Einstein for your organization and use Einstein AI to analyze semi-structure or unstructured documents with complex data and extract values.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, IDP uses Natural Language Processing (NLP) to extract document data. You can enable Einstein for your organization and use Einstein AI to analyze semi-structured or unstructured documents with complex data and extract values.
```

> By default, IDP uses Natural Language Processing (NLP) to extract document data. You can enable and use Einstein to analyze unstructured and semi-structured documents that don't use a standard format or are difficult to read without performing a complex analysis of the extracted data. 

Author: ```suggestion
By default, IDP uses Natural Language Processing (NLP) to extract document data. You can use Einstein to analyze unstructured and semi-structured documents that don't use a standard format or are difficult to read without performing a complex analysis of the extracted data. 
```

To analyze documents with Einstein: 

. <<create-new-document-action>>
. <<upload-files>>
. <<add-prompts>>

== Before You Begin 

* Ensure Einstein is enabled for your organization. 
* Ensure you have any of the following Anypoint permissions:
+
--
include::partial$permissions.adoc[tag=permissionManage]
+
include::partial$permissions.adoc[tag=permissionBuild]
--

[[create-new-document-action]]
== Create a New Document Action 

To start extracting data from documents, create a new document action: 

//starting steps
include::partial$create-document-actions.adoc[tags=initialSteps;!selectType]

Next, upload samples files to test the extraction. 

//upload sample file
[[upload-files]]
include::partial$create-document-actions.adoc[tag=uploadSampleFileStep]

[[add-prompts]]
== Add Prompts to Extract Values

> Create prompts to configure the schema for extracting fields or tables from your document:

Author: ```suggestion
Create prompts using natural language to configure the schema for extracting fields or tables from your document:
```
